# Kristen, Emma, and Keri's repository
### What social problem is being addressed?
Little Tokyo, one of the last-remaining historic Japantowns in the U.S., is situated in Downtown L.A.. As of 2015, 25% of the population consists of adults aged 65 years or older. Additionally, 60% of this older population is linguistically isolated— meaning that they report not speaking English “very well”— while 70% of older householders in Little Tokyo live alone. As such, retirement homes for elderly and retired aren’t always accommodating for the linguistic, cultural, and community needs of the Little Tokyo elderly population. 

Currently, the only two Section 8 housing projects in Little Tokyo are the Little Tokyo Towers and Miyako Gardens Apartments which offer housing to qualifying low-income seniors 62 and older. For our project, we hope to map out the places and neighborhoods of origin of residents in these projects in order to visualize the displacement of low-income non-native English-speaker seniors, specifically Japanese elders in the Little Tokyo Towers and Miyako Gardens housing projects. On these markers, we will have another tab that describes the experiences of those living in these homes and the impact that these residential communities have had. 
### Who is being empowered by your mapplication?
Our project will benefit and empower low-income, Japanese senior citizens and their caregivers, as well as several nonprofits that provide resources and community aid to elders in Little Tokyo; Keiro, Little Tokyo Service Center (LTSC), and Little Tokyo Historical Society (LTHS). These nonprofits that work with Asian elders and tenants in the projects themselves will be empowered with a more comprehensive understanding of their communities and will be able to have their stories heard.
Residents in Little Tokyo, particularly Asian elders and tenants of housing projects, will be empowered to share their personal experiences related to housing, which would raise awareness of issues and problems they face when it comes to housing insecurity.

### What technical and ethical problems could there be in developing this tool?
One technical issue we might face is creating a map that is accessible and easy to understand for a population of senior citizens who may not speak English as their primary language. We hope that caregivers may be able to assist in completing the survey on the residents' behalf, but we understand if this is burdensome. We also may face ethical issues in collecting data on respondents' previous address, as well as personal information regarding reasons for moving. To remedy this, we placed our contact information above the survey and encourgae respondents to contact us to remove their data from the project at any time for any reason.
